Make cell count heuristic (#99)
E3SM-Project/polaris: docs/tutorials/dev_add_test_group.md

        cell_count : int or None
            The approximate number of cells in the mesh
        """
        section = self.config['yet_another_channel']
        lx = section.getfloat('lx')
        ly = section.getfloat('ly')
        nx, ny = compute_planar_hex_nx_ny(lx, ly, self.resolution)
        cell_count = nx * ny
        return cell_count
```
This method gets called once at setup and once at runtime.  We do this because 
we need to compute or estimate the size of the mesh during setup so we have a 
good guess at the resources it will need when we add it to a test suite and 
make a job script for running it.  Then, at runtime, we may need to revise that
size because it was based on config options that a user may have changed after
setup.  Here, we use 
{py:func}`polaris.mesh.planar.compute_planar_hex_nx_ny()` to get `nx` and `ny`
(and thus the total cell count) during setup because we have no other way to

> get them (the initial condition has not yet been created, for example).  But

Reviewer: The `But at runtime...` part needs to be deleted.

Author: I was wondering about this line, thanks :)

> (and thus the total cell count) during setup because we have no other way to
> get them (the initial condition has not yet been created, for example).  But

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(and thus the total cell count) during setup and at runtime when we use 
task parallelism because we have no other way to
get them (the initial condition has not yet been created, for example).
```
